Update Compatibility Layer docs (#48456)
woocommerce/woocommerce: plugins/woocommerce-blocks/docs/internal-developers/blockified-templates/compatibility-layer.md

## Archive Product Templates - [ArchiveProductTemplatesCompatibility](https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-blocks/blob/trunk/src/Templates/ArchiveProductTemplatesCompatibility.php)

> The compatibility is built around the Product Collection and Products (Beta) blocks because the loop is the main element of archive templates and hooks are placed inside and around the loop. The Compatibility Layer injects custom attributes for the Product Collection and Products (Beta) blocks that **inherits query from the template** and its inner blocks.

Reviewer: I think a couple of words should change because the subject is now plural (_Product Collection and Products (Beta) blocks_):

```suggestion
The compatibility is built around the Product Collection and Products (Beta) blocks because the loop is the main element of archive templates and hooks are placed inside and around the loop. The Compatibility Layer injects custom attributes for the Product Collection and Products (Beta) blocks that **inherit query from the template** and their inner blocks.
```
